Docs 3653 scale 22.12 update rsync task article (#1640)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALETutorials/DataProtection/RsyncTasksSCALE.md

| Setting | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| Path | Enter or browse to the path to be copied. |
| User | Select the user to run the rsync task. The user selected must have permissions to write to the specified directory on the remote host. |
| Direction | Directs the flow of data to the remote host. Options are **Push** and **Pull**. |
| Description | Enter a description of the rsync task. |
| Rsync Mode | Choose to either use a custom-defined remote module of the rsync server or to use an SSH configuration for the rsync task. |
| Connect using | Use the dropdown list to select. The following fields display when **SSH private key stored in user's home directory** is selected: |
| Remote Host | Enter the IP address or hostname of the remote system that will store the copy. Use the format `username@remote_host` if the username differs on the remote host. |
| Remote SSH Port | Enter the SSH Port of the remote system. Default is 22. |
| Remote Path | Select from options listed. |
| Validate Remote Path | Set to automatically create the defined **Remote Path** if it does not exist. Checkbox is selected by default. |

> If **SSH connection from the keychain** is chosen, the following fields display:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you chose **SSH connection from the keychain**, the following fields display:
```
